# share-swap
A website for exchanging timeshares



<div class="mdl-cell  mdl-cell--12-col message-card mdl-card mdl-shadow--2dp mdl-grid"><div class="mdl-card__title"><h3>Creating This Website</h3></div><div class="mdl-card__actions mdl-card--border"><p>Probably the most impactful part of making this website was the use of Material Design Lite. The visual design was vastly simplified with MDL components.<br><br><h4>MVC Architecture</h4><ul><li>Components, or segments of the website, were dynamically created and then appended to the "content" div of the HTML.</li><li>In each of these segments, a parent div was created and all the elements were appended to the parent, which was then returned as a dynamically created HTML element.</li></ul><hr><ul><li>Because there wasn't much state to maintain, I opted for a global model instead of giving each component their own.</li><li>An "update" object determined the view in two parts: <ul><li>determining which component to append to the "content" div based on the state of the model</li><li>clearing the innerHTML of the "content" div and appending a new component</li></ul></li><li>Components were declared inside of a so-called component collection object, where they could be called as functions by the "update" object and returned the HTML elements that would be appended to the "content" div</li><li>Creating and adding components was a lot easier because of this preexisting structure</li></ul><hr><ul><li>There were a lot things to consider as I thought about the structure of the code</li><li>For example, should event listeners be added to an element immediately after it was declared, or should they all be located at the same place in the component's function?</li><li>A small library of functions was used frequently, and this library was also updated as the project progressed. The more I built, the more I found opportunities to condense oft-repeated code into reusable functions. I created an "mdl" object which made it easy for me to dynamically write MDL components like input textfields</li></ul><hr><h4>Things To Add/Improve</h4><ul><li>Save message draft</li><li>Save My Share draft</li><li>The search could be improved in these ways:<ul><li>omit non-alphabetical/non-alpha-numeric characters in possible keywords</li><li>omit repeated words</li><li>stop the search early if a match is found</li><li>ignore caps</li></ul></li><li>Center sign up form correctly on mobile</li><li>And realistically much more as the project moves more and more into the realm of actual production</li></ul></p></div><div class="mdl-card__actions mdl-card--border"><p><h4>This website was created by asparism. Contact:</h4><h5>asparism/Ian Lee<ul><li>email: ianforrestlee@gmail.com</li><li>portfolio: <a href="" target="_blank">#portfolio link</a></li><li>github: <a href="https://github.com/asparism" target="_blank">github.com/asparism</a></li><li>codepen: <a href="https://codepen.io/asparism" target="_blank">codepen.io/asparism</a></li></ul></h5></p></div></div>
